[singing in Japanese]
[clock ticks]
[electric door slides open]
Hmm.
[Gargoyle] Come with me, Nadia.
I want to
introduce you to someone.
Your Majesty, Emperor Neo.
I have brought
Princess Nadia to you.
Hmm. Thank you.
[groans]
[Emperor Neo] So you are Nadia.
Isn't that...
That's the Blue Water!
That's correct. Your father's
most prized memento.
[shatters]
Your Majesty,
we humbly request your aid
in bringing Neo Atlantis
to supremacy once again.
Granted.
[suspenseful music playing]
[gasps]
[lightning crashing]
[rumbling]
[follower] Sir, Red Noah.
We found it at PX703
among the ruins of old Atlantis.
[Gargoyle] So, it was in that
pile of junk all along.
[Nadia] It's not a pile of junk.
It's a sacred resting place.
A living man has
no use for the dead.
Therefore,
it is a useless junkyard.
-[laughs]
-[trembles]
[Gargoyle] Speaking of junk,
what has become of Nemo's ship?
Sir, we cannot
detect any signs of life
or energy readings
coming from the area.
It must have taken a direct hit
and evaporated.
[gasps]
Very well.
We must offer
our prayers for them.
[trembles]
[gasps]
Oh, Jean.
Wow.
Amazing.
I never imagined there
could be a tunnel like this
under the entire continent.
Not just under Africa.
There are many tunnels
just like this one.
They stretch underneath
the entire lengths
of five continents
and seven oceans.
Did the ancient Atlanteans
also build these tunnels?
[Electra] That's correct.
The old Nautilus was saved
from complete destruction
due to underwater currents
that carried it to the tunnel
that we're traveling in
right now.
That's incredible.
We shall always
owe our thanks to Atlantis then.
The most important issue
is that we have been spared to
fight again.
Now all we have
to do is rescue Nadia
and defeat the flying battleship
with our cannons.
-No Jean, it won't be that easy.
-Hmm?
Now that Gargoyle
has both Blue Waters,
he'll launch Red Noah
and fulfill his destiny.
[triumphant music playing]
It's impossible.
This is Red Noah?
[Gargoyle] Yes, this is the ship
that will restore Atlantean
-control over the world.
-[gasps]
[Gargoyle] Now, allow me to
guide you
to the other Noah's Ark.
[Nemo] Once he gets
his hands on Red Noah,
Gargoyle will
proceed with the first phase
-of his final plan.
-What's that?
I will declare war
on the entire planet.
That's insanity.
[Gargoyle] Far
from it, my dear girl.
There is nothing in that world
greater than glorious Red Noah.
Those opposed
to it will be punished.
Those pathetic humans
could never hope
to even touch this ship.
The human race doesn't possess
the power to defeat Red Noah.
But since your ship was created
by the super science
of Atlantis,
it can overpower it.
[Nemo] But this ship is
not yet perfect.
[Jean] Huh?
[Nemo] The main
engine is still untested.
[Electra] You must keep in mind
that this has been sealed in
the earth
for more than 12,000 years.
Yes, but if that works,
the ship can fly anywhere.
-It can?
-Oh, yes, Jean.
An entire ship
that can fly through the sky?
Yes. Both Red Noah and Nautilus
were originally spaceships.
-They're spaceships?
-[Nemo] Yes, Jean.
Both ships were left behind
after the people of Atlantis
made their emergency
landing on Earth
2,400,000 years ago.
-So what you're saying is--
-Exactly.
The old Nautilus
was originally one, two.
[gasps]
You mean like the one
we saw inside Red Noah?
That's correct, Jean.
A complete battleship.
This ship, Eritrium,
is a light speed equipped
interstellar battleship
and is the prototype
of the old Nautilus.
Eritrium? [gasps]
The name we saw
on the craftsman's name plate.
Yes. That was
taken from the spaceship.
Yes. Well,
even if this ship can fly,
do you think it can stand
any chance against that enormous
Red Noah?
Uh-hmm.
I know it can.
This is a light speed
intersidereal
powerful space battleship.
The original meaning
of its name was Excelion.
Its main engine is a large
Orpheus-grade furnace
the same as Red Noah's.
So a particle
annihilation engine?
Even better than that, Jean.
We are using
a flywheel mechanism
as the auxiliary engine.
So I see.
I don't see why
the particle annihilation engine
would have any
trouble defeating Red Noah.
[Electra] You see,
only an Orpheus furnace
can defeat
an Orpheus furnace, Hanson.
-[Hanson] Oh.
-[Jean] I understand.
[Hanson] Whoa.
[Sanson]
Now that you put it that way--
-[Jean] Wait for me, Nadia.
-[Hanson] I get it now.
[Jean] I will be
there to rescue you.
[Gargoyle] Follow
me, Princess Nadia.
I will show you around the ship.
Your father would've
done this himself had he lived.
How do you like your attire?
We took very
careful measurements
and made it especially for you.
Do you like it?
[Nadia] Of course not.
It shames me.
[Gargoyle] I'm sorry.
I myself like it very much.
[machine whirring]
[Gargoyle] Do
you know what this is?
[gasps] It looks like a human...
preserved.
[Gargoyle] Yes.
This is the first
human being assembled
by the ancient Atlanteans.
-His name is Adam.
-Adam?
[Gargoyle]
The Old Testament says
that God created
him in his own image.
[Nadia] It really is a human?
[Gargoyle] It's an experiment.
It seems that this
was the smallest size
they could make at first.
They continued
to refine their model
until they reached
the present day size.
So then, humans
were always meant to--
Yes.
They were
created to be the servants
of the people from Atlantis.
It all happened almost two
and a half million years ago.
When the Atlanteans
first came to Earth,
they were too few in number
to properly advance
their civilization.
So they tried to make
loyal servants for themselves.
They started with the whales,
which seemed fairly intelligent.
That was a failure.
Some of their descendants
survived to this day.
[gasps]
They were just like Irion.
You know of him, do you?
Next, they turned
to the primates.
They allowed them a rather
high intellectual level
so that their motor skills
could be used more effectively.
However...
This time,
they made the human beings
to look exactly
like their Atlantean creators.
But Charles Darwin's theories
maintains that man evolved
naturally from the lower apes.
[Electra] Jean, are you familiar
with the term missing link?
[Jean] Missing link?
[Electra] Yes.
It is said
that humans evolved from apes
but that leads
to some important questions.
Why does man
have so little hair on his body?
Why is he able to
use complicated tools?
How did he learn to speak?
Science still doesn't know
how to answer these questions.
The link that connects
human beings to the apes,
this link has of yet
never been discovered.
If we take into account
that the Atlanteans
forged that linked themselves...
[Electra] Precisely,
then it makes perfect sense.
[Jean] But how can you make
a monkey into a man?
Quite simply.
Through genes.
[Nadia] Genes?
[Gargoyle] Yes.
It is like a natural blueprint
for the creation of man.
It was the ancient Atlanteans
who drew this blueprint.
[gasps] What's this?
Ah, yes.
[gasps]
[trembles]
[Gargoyle] These are
incomplete specimens,
failed experiments.
This is truly mankind's museum
of his storied past.
[Nadia] It's horrible.
[Gargoyle] Do you think so?
You really
shouldn't let it upset you so.
We Atlanteans are their creators
and their masters.
You must realize this
and accept it, Princess Nadia.
I will never accept it.
Hmm.
Well, that won't do.
What's wrong Princess Nadia?
Don't you have anything to say?
I have nothing to say to you.
[Gargoyle] Hmm.
That's unfortunate.
[Emperor Neo]
I would like to speak with you
so that we may
learn from each other.
I would rather give up my life
right here and now
than to ever help you two.
Nadia...
you must not say
such sad and hurtful things.
You will live
with me from now on.
Please don't make it difficult.
Don't command me! I hate you!
You don't like me at all?
It seems that you
like humans more than us
even though we are
true Atlanteans like yourself.
I've spent my
whole life with humans,
you just fear what
you don't understand.
[Emperor Neo laughs]
You say
the same things Nemo did.
You have been separated
from your father a long time
but you are
his daughter nonetheless.
[Nadia] Why don't you try
to live among them?
[Emperor Neo] Nadia, you must
look at your beloved humans
more closely.
You see,
they shamefully discriminate
against their own kind,
simply to maintain
their temporal power
and elusive idea of happiness.
If they can't accept themselves,
they'll never
accept an alien like you.
I don't believe that.
[Emperor Neo] The human
race will never improve, Nadia.
Servitude was all
they were ever equipped for.
They need a strong
and unyielding master like us.
[Nadia] I won't accept that.
[Emperor Neo]
That is the sad reality.
I am not interested
in living among animals.
That's why you can carelessly
kill them as you do.
That's why you've become
such a heartless monster!
Why you stole my Blue Water!
[Gargoyle] That is incorrect.
His Majesty, the Emperor,
is the true successor
to the Blue Water.
Yes.
I have finally
inherited my birthright,
-the Blue Water from my father.
-Huh?
A brother?
That's right.
I let you escape.
I let you get away 13 years ago.
[dramatic music playing]
[Emperor Neo] For some reason
I couldn't kill my own sister.
It must be fate that has brought
us together again after so long.
That's a very sad fate.
Since all I really wanna do
is destroy you.
-That is a fruitless wish.
-Oh, it will come true.
You should abandon that desire,
remember
that I spared your life once,
I don't want to kill you now.
[Gargoyle] Your Majesty.
We have almost reached Paris,
you should prepare.
[Emperor Neo] Yes. Of course.
[whirring]
[Gargoyle]
Listen to me carefully.
You must completely understand
your situation.
[bell tolling]
[speaks French]
[all screaming]
[indistinct chatter]
[tense music playing]
-[man] Run away!
-[indistinct chatter]
I am the Emperor
of Neo Atlantis,
Neo Icon Epiphanes
I am addressing
the people of Earth.
We are the creators
of your race,
we are your true masters.
Therefore, you must obey us.
Those who cannot obey
will be made to
expiate their sins.
Henceforth, you live only
to serve Neo Atlantis.
You will be
expected to follow our orders
without delay
and without defiance.
For those who do not understand
these terms,
gaze upon the light
of divine punishment.
[rumbling]
[woman screams]
[whirring]
[explosion]
First, you will surrender
the tiny nation you call England
to my people and me.
Place a white flag
atop the Eiffel Tower
to show you have done this.
If you fail to do this...
divine punishment shall be
visited upon the city of London.
It looks like they've made
their first move.
Yes, they actually intend to
start a war
with the entire planet.
What do you think is
going to happen now?
The whole world
will burn to a crisp, see.
Oh, don't be so ridiculous.
-He might be right, though.
-Don't give up yet.
We've run all diagnostics
and the engine is ready.
This ship is
definitely battle ready.
[Grandis] And the Katherine
has had
some improvements made as well.
Besides, Jean, evil never wins.
No matter how
powerful it may seem.
[Gargoyle] That is correct.
But you misunderstand us.
We're not evil,
-we're your heroes.
-[Nadia] How arrogant.
[Gargoyle] Not at all.
We are trying to
lead this foolish race
in order to save them from
an ultimately destructive path.
[laughs]
Ah.
They will only
destroy themselves
if we do not step
in and take the reins.
But when you had the chance,
you yourselves destroyed
all of Atlantis
in one day
and one night,
yet humans have managed
to survive
and thrive without
your help.
Atlantis is immortal.
Its will is manifested by me.
Now dear Princess...
the time has come
for you to assist us.
[Nemo] Everyone,
thank you for
coming this far with me.
But if you continue
to follow me,
it will only bring you death.
I do not require you to lay down
your lives for me,
please stay here on the ground.
I have one last
thing to say to you all.
Thank you.
[machine whirring]
[door opens]
[gasps]
-Wait.
-Stay here.
No, if you're
going, I'm going with you.
No, you won't.
You must stay
here with the others.
But, Grandfather.
Find yourself a good man
and marry him my dear.
Bring up some fine children.
I will go.
We are going to make a world
where they can live in security.
[cries] Grandfather.
Well, it looks like all
the others have flown the coop.
I don't like you at all, Count,
but there's really no
one left here for me to ask.
Would you take
care of Marie and King?
Oh, all right.
We'll wait for you in England.
Hmm.
Righty-o!
Marie, you take care of King
and I'll be back soon.
Uh-hmm.
We'll play some games when
you get back.
[Sanson] Right.
[engineer] Captain.
We've just closed
down all the hatches.
We're all aboard.
Every single crewman.
We'll do this together.
We'll fight as comrades, sir.
-Thank you.
-[Jean] Captain?
-We're going to go with you.
-[gasps]
-Your hat, sir.
-But, Jean!
We're not going with you to die,
are we sir?
No, you're not,
that is exactly right.
All hands, prepare for takeoff.
[Electra] All hands,
prepare ship for takeoff.
Start the engines.
[machine whirring]
[engineer]
Power systems are stable, sir.
Establish connection
to the furnace.
[engineer] Aye-aye.
Connection established,
furnace pressure
increasing past limit.
Gyrocompass operational.
Power supply being transferred
to the antigravity screw
and particle propeller.
Flight path clear
within a 60-kilometer radius.
All systems nominal.
Ready for takeoff, sir.
Now begins
our most important voyage,
takeoff!
[spaceship engine revving]
[dramatic music playing]
[Ayerton] Are you crying?
-[King sniffling]
-[nurse] No, it's nothing.
Are you all right?
I will be.
[follower]
Lord Gargoyle, their time is up.
[Gargoyle] Hmm.
What are those humans doing now?
[dramatic music playing]
Pathetic fools!
They're going to die
for their own pitiful pride.
Prepare to fire up Babel.
[operator 1]
Target London is locked.
Safety systems disengaged.
[operator 2] Orbital adjustment
of Slave Star Michael complete.
[woman] Light of
Babel prepared to fire.
[Gargoyle] Suffer your regrets
in Hell, disobedient slaves.
[explosion]
[operator] A strong energy
source
is currently pursuing
the fire of Babel.
[followers] What?
[explosion]
[operator] Slave Star Michael
has been destroyed!
[follower] Impossible!
[operator]
An unknown flying object
is approaching from the east.
Altitude 825 meters,
speed is... 12,000
kilometers per hour!
[follower] Unbelievable.
There can't be anything capable
of that in their world.
[followers] It's impossible.
[Gargoyle] Of
course Nemo is alive.
You stubbornly insist
on upsetting me, Nemo.
[Nemo] The time has come
for our final battle, Gargoyle.
[dramatic music playing]
[singing in Japanese]